Clarified the reporting of first node in a new order (#419)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

For a valid order, there shall be at least one node and the number of edges shall be equal to the number of nodes minus one.

> The first node of an order shall be trivially reachable for the AGV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first node of an order shall be trivially reachable for the mobile robot and released.
```
